listening to a live impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Aye.
Bishop Richard Aye is the pastor of the First Love Church London.
It's a nomination founded by Bishop Dad Heward Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Good afternoon everybody, you are very welcome to First Love Church London.
It's a pleasure to welcome you to our service today.
In today's service, you can expect to be blessed and transformed as you tune in and listen to the powerful Word of God from our very own pastor, Bishop Richard I.E.
The service will be filled with so many exciting things from exhilarating praise and worship, the dancing stars, the film stars, and the greater love choir.
And as I mentioned, the Word of God will be preached today and your life will surely be transformed as you continue to listen.
The Bible says that faith comes by hearing and hearing by the Word of God.
So as you listen to today's message, your faith will surely increase.
If you're watching this message right now, why not share the link with your friends and your family members too, so that they can also be blessed by this service.
Everybody is welcome to watch and can be watched anywhere in the world.
So do share the link so everybody can be blessed.
I'm sure that your life will be transformed as you continue to tune in.
And it is my pleasure to welcome you to First Love Church London.
Wow, are you ready to get started?
Are you sure?
Well, I keep on clapping with a shout of joy and excitement.
I want you to welcome the best choir in the UK.
It's the greater love, gospel choir.
Build your house on the road And the rain will come down Build your house on the road And the lights will come up Build your house on the road
Show, show, show, show!
Whomever he is my word And he keeps them Whom shall I like him to?
He is like a man who builds a house upon a rug Upon a silent rug I do not choose to build upon ye desens of life I will take my time and build upon this rug So build your house on a rug And the rains will come down
Build your house on the run.
And the lights will come up.
The wings will blow away, baby.
But your house will stand strong, stand strong, stand strong.
my brother, for he that hasteth to be rich.
He has an evil eye, but seek ye first, the kingdom of God, and his righteousness.
Lay but not to be rich.
It is the blessing of the Lord that makeeth rich and not your
Trust in the road with all your hearts And build your house on the road And the rain will come down You've got to build your house on the road And the lights will come up Won't you build your house on the road?
But your house will stand strong
And the rains will come down You've got to build your house on the road And the lights will come up My brother built your house on the road Thanks for the glory, baby, baby With your house feels enshored
There was a certain man who had two sons The younger ones said to him, Daddy, Won't you give me my portion?
So he began to have a lot of fun With many beautiful girls But one day there was a crisis
The youngest son left everything and he had to be the priest No one came to him, his life was destroyed So what are you gonna do?
When the rain is gone now I said what are you gonna do?
When the gods come out Tell me what are you gonna do?
You got to build your house on the road My sister built your house on the road My sister built your house on the road
But your house will stand strong Stand strong You've got to build your house on the road And the rain will come down You've got to build your house on the road And the light will come up
Don't you just build your house on the road?
But your house feels unsure
Standing, wisdom, more precious than rubies, length of days is in her right hand.
And in her left hand, riches and honor, all her paths are peace, always, always old plans in there.
compared to her
bring you to honor
Do you love it?
How many of you are dancing alone?
No.
Try in.
I was trying to.
Well, it's not over yet.
Tell your neighbor it's not over.
There's still more to come and it's testimony time.
Wow.
So you want to put your hands together and welcome.
Do you remember that we saw the Great to Love Choir earlier?
Who remembers?
Yeah, well, one of our members of the Greater La Croix, her name is Demi.
And she's coming to give her testimony today.
Wow.
Sister G. Wowza.
So tell us who you are and where you're from.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Demi and I'm part of the Greater La Croix.
And what is your testimony about?
My testimony today is about how I first came to First Love Church and became established.
Wow.
So before coming to First Love, summarised Demi's life for us.
She said, hmm, tell me about, hmm.
Life was really messy.
I was a stubborn girl.
I thought I knew about life.
I thought I was organized.
I thought, yeah, life.
Yeah.
But it wasn't working.
So what wasn't working, this was?
I wasn't really enjoying my job.
I had a boyfriend and everything, but it just...
The boyfriend wasn't working at the time.
It wasn't working at the time.
Okay.
Wow.
So then what changed?
What changed?
So, my friend Trina was inviting my boyfriend at the time to church, and he was also inviting me.
Wow.
So she invited your boyfriend.
Yeah.
And then your boyfriend was trying to invite you.
So when your boyfriend was inviting you, what was your response?
I didn't really want to go.
I didn't really want to be in an environment.
Like, there is, I didn't want to go to church or anything.
I think maybe because I felt ashamed of everything.
So I just didn't want to be here.
Wow, and then what happened next?
And then my, I went to uni, ended up going into uni, and we had a course induction day.
And I ended up in a group with Samantha.
Wow, this is through Sam!
So she was there for your course induction.
And what did she say to you?
She ended up speaking about first love church, and she invited me to campus church at the time, which was every Thursday.
So then I came, I slowly started to go, and I met PCPJ, everybody.
PCPJ, everybody, okay.
No problem, I hear you, okay.
I also gave my life to Christ then as well.
Wow, I thought you'd be clapping your hands.
Somebody says that they gave their life to Christ.
It's a course for celebration.
So how would you summarize your life now in comparison to Demi with the boyfriend that weren't working and the job that weren't working?
Life now is much, much better.
I'm happier.
I'm part of a good ministry.
I'm doing my masters now, which I'm nearly finished with.
So I've experienced the necessary separation from my old life and from people.
So, life is good, life is okay.
Wow, clap for Demi.
Life is good.
Isn't it a good life?
Isn't it a sweet life when you have Jesus?
Wow, well keep on clapping because I have one more testimony for you.
So we've heard from the great to love gospel choir.
Did you see the dancing stars?
So how do you think that one of the dancing stars should give their testimony?
So let's welcome David to give a testimony.
Wow.
David, tell us who you are and where you're from.
Wow, you have fun.
Wow.
Amen.
Okay.
Hi guys.
My name is David and I'm from Southampton and Kingston Centre.
Come on.
And I'm also, I'm also from the dancers stars as well.
So David, what's your testimony about?
So my testimony is about how I became a committed Christian.
Wow.
Committed Christian.
You've seen him dancing, haven't you?
Yeah.
it's part of the evidence anyway that he's committed.
So, tell us where it all began.
Okay.
What was your life like before first love?
Sorry, I was just dancing into it.
Okay.
So, yeah.
So, I was raising a Christian household.
My dad's a pastor, so I was always going to church.
Church Christianity was like the norm in my house.
So, every Sunday going to church, I couldn't do anything.
Couldn't play football, can do like none of that.
I was always going to church.
And yeah, it's true.
It's true.
So, yeah, even I used to play drums, so I'd play drums in church every Sunday.
Wow, secret talent.
Yeah.
Did you know that he played drums?
Oh, you didn't know.
Yeah, so, um...
So yeah, I'd even go to other churches and play drums, but when it came to listening to the word, hearing the message, I didn't really apply myself because I felt like, you know, Christianity was with our uncles and our aunties, but, you know, so I didn't receive the message because I didn't think it was for me.
And I saw that my Christianity, it wasn't really established.
I didn't know God for myself.
I had a lot of doubts.
And I even questioned God for myself.
I used to be scared of dying, things of that.
I was quite troubled because I didn't know.
if God was real and, you know, if Christianity was, you know, it was coming from me.
Wow, even though you're a pastor's child.
Yeah, yeah.
Wow, you see, you have to know Jesus for yourself, isn't it?
It's true.
So what changed?
So, um, we went back to 2015.
I was in school at the time, but my older brother, Michael, who's in the Great Love Choir, he, um, he invited me to a joint service.
And so I was like, yeah, come on, come.
And I came and, um, yeah, it was just,
It was crazy, like.
Yeah, so.
Define crazy.
But the definition of crazy that we know is a thing.
Well, yeah, I just wasn't expecting young people so happy to be in church.
And I came, I just saw bare people.
A lot of people.
Sorry, sorry.
Yeah, so it was that.
Sorry, a lot of people.
But yeah, I was there.
And then basically Bishop Richard, he preached a powerful, powerful message.
And they really touched my heart.
I saw myself give my life to Christ.
I went to the front.
And I was even there waiting for him to touch my head with some oil.
I was like, wow.
So after you gave your life to Christ, did you come back to church to follow me?
No, I couldn't because I lived outside London.
So I was still in school, so I went back home.
And I just lived my life, gone back to church normally.
Continue on and I wasn't able to come back to first love.
So then what happened?
How are you here?
So fast forward to when I started uni in 2016 in Rampton My guys, so yeah, so I accept my brother.
He invited me to the church and I was like, yeah, I've been before I enjoyed it.
Let me come and then I was
still a little bit, you know, on and off.
I still saw myself, like, wanting to enjoy the freedom that I had because I never experienced, you know, living by my soul, going out clubbing.
I was seeing the opposite sex.
And I was like, rah, like, yeah.
You were like, rah.
Yeah, I was like, I think that's a colloquialism to explain his shot.
Yeah, it was like, I was like, wow, I was like, wow, like,
So anyway, I was still enjoying these things.
I wanted to enjoy it because I never experienced it before.
But luckily I ran into two first lovers who happened to be Pastor Cliff in Opie Lisa at the time.
And they invited me to church.
They said first love.
And I was like, oh, yeah, I think I've heard before.
I've been there.
I was like, OK, I'll come, I'll come, I'll come.
So I end up coming.
And again, like seeing young people for, you know, happy to be in church, young people, you know, dancing, singing, jumping, and even young pastors, it was so weird to me.
Like, I was expecting, you know, all people, like I said, the aunties and the uncles, that's what I was used to.
So, it was really, really hard for me, but I continued coming, honestly, it was a blessed church that, you know, we had a blessed pastor and pastor and Bishop Richard preaching,
And I saw myself receiving the word more and more and again, like his words really encouraged me.
Even I was connected to the prophet and I saw myself like being established.
I saw my faith growing, you know, the Bible says that faith coming back here and I hear another word of God.
So, oh no, it's okay, it's okay.
So yeah, so I saw my faith growing.
I saw myself receiving the word and I was like, wow, like I'm starting to understand Christianity.
I'm starting to understand faith and how it's important to actually be established and to also kind of
myself and apply myself to the message that I'm being received to.
Wow, so you learned how to be a Christian on your own?
Yeah, I do.
I'm not just a pastor's child.
Wow, it's beautiful.
Clap for David.
Wow.
May you also find Jesus on your own.
Are you still excited?
Yes!
Let's welcome...
The Popister!
From my heart Do you remember what I told you?
I said I loved you From the beginning I told you how dear you were And I told you there is no one
I haven't changed my mind About you since I met you I made up my mind
destiny.
Do you believe that he has a plan for you?
I'm not convinced.
Do you believe that God has a plan for you?
Well I believe that as you are here today that that plan will become clearer and that by the time you are leaving this place you will know a little bit more what your destiny is.
Amen.
So let's be upstanding at the faith encounter service as we welcome our pastor Bishop Richard
Perfect will be done amongst us.
Speak to us.
Feel us by your word.
Help us, Lord.
Encourage us.
May light and direction be our portion today.
Thank you for the blessing of sharing your word, preaching your word, teaching your word, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for this blessed opportunity in your presence today.
Satan, I kiss you.
I destroy you.
by the mighty name of Jesus.
And Father, thank You that Your perfect will shall be done amongst us today.
In Jesus' name I have prayed, and everybody shouted, Amen.
Amen.
Shop another, Amen.
Okay, I will.
So we've been talking about how to make full proof of your ministry.
How many of you believe that you're going to make full proof of your ministry?
Yes, the Christianity is like an adventure and a beautiful one, many lessons to learn on the way.
Long journey, long journey, as long as you live with
a lot of events.
I mean, if you already have had some experiences on this beautiful Christian journey.
Yes.
So one of the main things that concerns a Christian after salvation is your ministry.
That is your service to God, your service to God, your work for God and your operations in the house of God and in the kingdom of God.
It must be of
Great importance to you.
More than what you eat, more than what you drink, and more than what you wear.
The kingdom of God, establishing the kingdom, building the kingdom, building the church of God, has to be of utmost importance to you after salvation.
Hallelujah.
So that's what we've been talking about.
I'm sure we've talked about it for a few weeks now.
And on this beautiful journey, beautiful exciting,
Adventurous, mood changing, journey of Christianity, our purpose, our aim is to fulfill the ministry that God has called us in.
Isn't that what he was called?
As you can see, the home you're coming from, the community you're coming from, the school you've come from, wherever you've come from, not many, not many have
found Christ, and I am church, but there you are.
You have found Him.
You are there in church, being blessed in church, happy to be in church, blessed to be in church.
Oh my God, blessed to be in church.
Yes.
So the next chapter, you're not forced, how many of you are forced to be in church?
If you are forced, you're happy to have been forced, isn't it?
Yes.
Yeah.
But there you are in church.
The next thing I'm announcing to you is that you now have to make full proof of your ministry or fulfill your ministry, fulfill it, fulfill your ministry.
Don't just, don't just, you know, be a chairwoman.
Tilt a little bit and put the back of your hand on your chair.
Just tilt a bit.
Yes, just tilt a little bit.
Is it warm?
Yes, it's warm.
That's your, that's can be your contribution.
This can be the only contribution that you have to make in the faith.
You have to fulfill your ministry.
So I'm encouraging you, I'm teaching you the Bible or the Bible says, the Bible says make full proof of your ministry and the Bible also says that makes sure that you fulfill your ministry.
So it's one of, it's an, after you are saved,
It's how I'll make it the number one thing that now you pursue your ministry, pursue your ministry.
The number one thing is not to get married.
Oh, sorry.
You're not expecting that, isn't it?
That's like an early, early shot.
Yes, yes.
Number one thing is not to be the richest man on earth or the richest man in church.
That's not the number one thing.
The number one thing is to fulfill your ministry, fulfill it, your ministry.
Number one thing is not to wear designer clothes, wear designer shoes, and to, you know, have all the things that you like to have.
I mean, you can have it, it's fine, but it's not a main thing.
That is, say to watch it, but take heed to the ministry, take heed to the ministry.
That is, pay attention to the ministry, pay attention, pay attention to the ministry.
Live for the ministry, live for it.
That's your aim now.
Now you are working towards fulfilling the ministry.
After you are saved, after you are saved, even if you are 10 years old, the earlier you started, the more likely you are to fulfill it and to accomplish it.
Yes.
So even if you are 10 years old, it means that you have a brighter opportunity and a better chance
to fulfill your mission.
You are better than someone who is 69.
The basic can also fulfill it, but it's like you have to work overtime.
So at your young age, at your young age, like someone said, at your young age, you will see that you have a very bright future because you have many chances to fulfill your ministry.
to go on this beautiful, exciting, mood-changing adventure.
It's an adventure, because there are many things to learn on the way.
You learn many things, and I pray that you will survive it.
Yes, I pray that you will survive it, because look, there will be nothing unusual that will happen to you on this beautiful journey.
Anything that happens to you, know that it is common.
That the scripture says, there's no temptation that will come to a member, such as it's common.
What you see is common.
Maybe some talk about it, some don't talk about it, or you don't know about it.
It's common.
So you have to learn how to survive the winds.
The winds that are blowing.
The waters that are rising, because it is common.
It is common means it is normal.
It is normal.
Hallelujah.
Are you still there?
You've traveled.
So the different winds that will blow your way on this beautiful, exciting, mood-changing adventure of fulfilling your ministry.
You should stay there, go through the different seasons, and you will see yourself fulfilling your ministry.
So on this beautiful journey of great adventure, there are signposts.
So I'm taking you through the different signposts that you see on the way.
That would confirm that you are on the right path.
You're on the right path.
Like when, when you are sitting on the train line, train line, you see certain spots.
Sometimes when you see the stop, you know that you are going in the opposite direction.
How many of you have been on the train?
You've been on the opposite direction.
Yes.
So you see, no, I'm in the opposite direction.
I'm on the wrong train.
Now you get off, and then you cross over to the next platform.
And then you look out for the stop.
They say, OK, this is where I started from.
So let's see whether the next stop is the right one.
Or the next one is, ah, I'm in the right direction.
Then you become very relaxed.
And how many of you have reached a stop?
They say, I also get off, but it didn't get off.
You had forgotten.
OK.
Yes.
It's also happened to me before.
I was actually staring at the stop that this is my stop.
It's like this, please.
I have to come off.
But I was just sitting now.
And the train moved.
When I moved, I said to myself, no.
Then I realized that I can't stop the train.
I have to go to the next one, 10 platforms, and come back.
Yes, it's exciting.
It's exciting.
Did you say to yourself, you lost it on the train again?
No, it's life.
That's how it is.
So you see the signposts.
The signposts are supposed to tell you something.
As much as you see it, you should know that, wow, it seems I'm on course.
So the first sign post we talked about, if I remember what was desired, and I'm not telling you that on desire TV, there are a thousand channels, thousand channels.
Some are good, some are bad, bad.
But so long as you remain in this flesh, how many of you are human?
If you're not human, you can tell me you're not human.
Yes.
You see, so long as you are human, there are certain channels that you see.
There are certain channels that you see.
How many of you have been bored, I told me, you are just flicking through channels.
And you see channels that you are not interested.
It's not like it's showing anything bad, but you are just not interested.
So you just keep changing and moving on.
Just move on, move on, move on.
So you see a channel that you would like to stay with.
This looks like a channel.
So on desire TV, there's a desire TV.
There are many desires, many desires.
Don't condemn yourself for having some desires or some feelings because it just goes to prove that you are human.
Keep changing the channel till you find the channel that says fulfill your ministry, fulfill your ministry.
When you see that channel, you should know that you are on course.
and focus on that channel, that fulfill your ministry.
I have to wait for God.
I have to join the ministry.
I have to do something for God.
I have to use my talent.
I have interest.
You see, your desire is your interest.
You see, you have interest in waking for God.
Interest in saving God.
Interest in singing in the choir.
Interest in playing an instrument in church.
Interest in dancing and being in dancing stars.
Interest in joining film stars.
Interest in being a bacinta leader.
Interest in preaching.
It's interesting doing evangelism.
You should not wind up.
That is the little thing that is there.
It's a channel in your life.
Focus on that channel.
Stay on that channel.
Every day, go to that channel.
Go to that channel all the time.
All the time.
Choose that channel.
There are other channels.
You see, you find yourself watching another channel.
It doesn't mean that the other channel has been taken off.
Your, your, um, desire TV satellite.
It's over.
Just change the channel back, change it back.
Change it back.
That's what, that's what the remote is in your hands.
Change it back to the other channel.
So that's desire TV.
Watch the channel that will help you safeguard.
Focus on God.
God, that desire is there, isn't it?
Amongst other desires, this one is also there.
Isn't it?
Is it it?
Or is it not it?
It is it.
If there was the next point, help me.
Ah, respond, respond to, respond to God's love.
Respond to God's love.
When someone shows you love, you respond to the love.
What's the next one?
Accept.
Oh, just three things.
Why?
Accept separation.
You would discover on this beautiful journey that you, there will be the need to be separated.
Sometimes before you realize you are separated from some very dear people, very precious people, very good.
I say you have been separated and you have to be separated.
And especially when you see that you, when you notice that you have to separate, don't be wiser than God.
Don't be wiser than God.
Do you understand, don't be wiser than God?
That is, don't use human compassion to replace the power of God.
That is not waking you.
That is saying that, look, you can't continue within this team and make it to fulfill your ministry.
It will destroy your ministry.
Nice people can destroy a ministry.
Kind, how can people can destroy a ministry?
Even parents can destroy your ministry.
Yes, because they will give good advice.
Any parent who is not concerned about why you go to church so much in your life, is it that parent perhaps is either already a established Christian or maybe an irresponsible person.
Any parent who be concerned, why are you going again?
What's happening?
What goes on in that place?
Why are you always going here?
That is irresponsible parent.
That's a responsible person.
So ask questions.
Am I not your pastor?
I have children in this church.
When they are going out from I ask them, what again?
Where?
And I'm the pastor of the church.
Or you think I just said, when they said they are going, they said, blah, blah.
No, ask questions.
What's the way?
Why?
What for?
Sometimes I be asked, who arranged this meeting?
Who are they arranging another meeting?
What is it about?
What the time?
And they have to explain and justify the reason I say, OK, see you later.
OK. OK.
Yes.
And complete all chores that they have to do before they leave.
I mean, you're not a human being.
What do you want to be?
Just wake up.
Are you a spirit?
You just wake up and say, you're going here.
You're going there.
No.
You have to do things.
You have to get things done.
Sometimes even leaders of their ministries are falling into trouble because from my house, I can see somebody leaving at a certain time.
I say, who organized this meeting?
When I hear the name, then I take my phone.
to organize this meeting.
Who arranged this meeting?
Yes.
But it is, it is, it is, it is all like every responsibility for them not to speak.
They have to speak.
They have to correct you.
You have been done anything in the house.
You just wake up, you roll off the bed and say, you're going to pray tongues.
What do you mean?
Yes.
So you see in the midst of, it's an adventure.
In the midst of everything, you have to be able to strike a balance.
And then joy striking the balance.
Yes, that's it.
Did Jesus not say give to Caesar what belongs to him?
And to God what belongs to God?
But these are the words of Jesus.
These are the words of Jesus.
Imagine I tell my household
And wife, children, everybody, you know what?
Here, we eat tongs.
I said, I want to have what flows out of my belly is tongs.
So we went up in the morning, they said, Calabashabandhelebe.com.
Daddy, we need money for this.
Calabashandhelebe.com, papa, papa.
Calabakaya, electricity bill has come.
Keep an eye on papa, shandalabaya, papa.
We need to pay for this.
Marco papa, papa.
Calabashabandhebe.com.
MTL is coming.
We need to get tickets for MTL.
Marco, Marco, la, la, la, la, la.
The law shall prove out.
Go to the airport.
You will see this lady behind the beer counter.
The law that's touching her.
She will make you bored.
Carbo, shower, kata.
It's not like that.
That's why they ask you.
When you ask questions, don't get angry.
Don't get irritated.
Don't become rude.
Don't develop attitudes.
Testify what you are doing.
Explain what you are doing.
Speak, speak, speak English.
Don't just go, don't look at your mother and say, get behind me.
No.
But you see, anyway, I was telling you.
These are things after the novel.
It gets to a point where you will see that the so-called good advice is now becoming an advisor that is anti-Christ.
From good friends.
Nice people.
Look, the scripture, they say any time you read a scripture, there are few scriptures that start that way.
They say, be not deceived.
Be not deceived.
There are few scriptures that start with, be not deceived.
In other words, you can be deceived.
And one of them, one of them, one of them is the one who says, be not deceived.
Evil communication corrupts all good manners.
Have you not done things?
that if mama was to find out, or papa, listen, listen, if papa was to find out, do you see, apart from the heartbreak and the disappointment, you ask a question, what's that question?
Where did you learn this from?
Who introduced you to this?
We didn't ask you that question, because they look very well, they didn't teach you that.
So you see, you get to a point where what it calls for now is separation.
From nice, it doesn't be not deceived.
Evil communication, that's evil relationship.
Do you have it in English?
So we all understand the way.
Don't be fooled by those who say, who says, back in his back company corrupts.
Good man, so give me another one.
Do not be deceived.
Bad company corrupts good morals.
Yes.
Don't deceive yourself.
And don't think that the person who will be ministering back morals to you, or negative, or corrupting your good morals.
But that person has a blue tongue and black horns.
No.
No, no, no, no, sweet, sweet, sweet.
You see, when you are learning, when you are learning bad things, it's as unconscious as when you are learning good things.
The word for it is habits.
Habits.
You don't even know when you are picking up habits.
So some of the habits can be detected and it calls for separation.
There has to be separation.
Is there something that separation will come by?
Someone point down to you don't know.
You have to separate.
Or sometimes your seriousness with God will tell you that no.
Keeping this company is going to take me away from my love for God.
Because this person doesn't love God so much.
Love is called by not as much as I'm being drawn to.
I'm being drawn to.
I'm being called to.
I'm being pushed to.
Because God will be drawing you.
God will be saying, come, love me more.
Save me more.
But you're in that company where the people don't love God enough.
And the scripture is, don't deceive yourself.
If I can survive in this company, I'll be the only sign that's got, no, you'll be corrupted.
You'll be corrupted.
Your vision, your calling, your ministry will be drowned because of the person and the people that you are moving with.
It will be drowned.
Soon it will exist again.
And you start laughing at people who are serious.
And you start laughing and say, I used to be like this.
Now you think it's a joke, you think it's a joke because you were a joke.
Yes.
You can only think somebody is a joke and the person doesn't know what they are doing because when you had the chance, you were a joke and an absolute idiot.
Not you, I mean that person.
Yes.
Never be affected by people who mock you.
or people who laugh at you, never be affected by it.
What they are saying to you is that we are jocas.
We were never serious with this work of God.
By the case of God, I have been serious with God.
I got saved in 1985.
How old were you?
No problem.
I mean, no longer a good sponsor.
Like I've been a Christian for 100 years.
Just this 1985, that's when I got saved.
But since then, since then, I don't think I've been non-serious.
Yes.
Yesterday I was in a meeting, I had a type of a mini-comp.
And the people there were asking me, someone was asking me a question about, you see, it's like,
He's like, I don't know how we hear the testimony is a great change.
I don't ask you that.
Which point is that I realize that?
Do you know I'm on?
And I said, no, I appreciate your question.
But I think I'm the wrong person to answer a question.
Because since I got saved, I don't think I've looked back.
Yes, I don't think I've looked back.
I actually find myself where I am almost like a natural progression.
I don't think it's been like, oh, I was a Christian, and I was a serious Christian.
And then in 1991, a guy hits my foot.
And the one who hit my foot, I had the voice of the Lord from today, that shall save me.
No, I've not had such an experience.
If I've had it, I'll share it with you.
I've been had such an experience.
I've rather realized that I keep shaving off.
Keep shaving off, no serious people.
I keep shaving them off.
Keep shaving, I'm a person no serious, I don't mean no Christians, they are Christians all right, but they do have the passion that I have, they do have the vision that I have, they do have the calling that I have, and therefore we can be together, Amos 3-3.
That's one of the most disturbing passages in the Bible, Amos 3-3.
Can two walk together?
except they do agree.
Do you have it in English that will help us?
If you don't have it, I can explain this one.
It's always best to memorize scriptures in King James, contribute work together without agreeing on their direction.
God bless you for this special.
Yes.
So you see, it gets to a point in your life.
Where am I going?
Where you are going, the people around you must be going the same place.
Yes.
You can't say that you are going there.
They are not good.
But you are working with them.
You are with them.
And we'll use them to describe who you are.
Yes.
That's an old saying.
I don't know if that is African, Caribbean, or European.
But there's an old saying that, show me your friend and I'll show you your character.
I think it's a universal saying that, yes, okay, yeah.
Is that just show me a friend who will show you who you are, who will show you what you are?
Actually, they get to the point where friends define you, biblica.
That's what the Bible is saying.
When I mention my friends, you will see who I am.
Because you will see that you will hear some names.
When I mention my friends, you will hear some names.
Some people won't feature.
Peace on us, people that have known for years, they don't fit anywhere, anywhere, because the direction of life is different.
The direction of life is different.
When we're secondary school, the direction was get GCSEs, get A-levels.
Then we left a bunch behind, and then we move on to uni.
Get a degree, this, then another bunch was left behind, and then you get another group, we marry, another bunch is left behind, they don't marry, they move around.
So you see, at every time, there are different people.
Different people, because the direction is different.
And if you keep moving, you have to keep moving, and then you look to your left, and you see to your right, and you see who your mates are.
You use your direction.
You don't use who is coming, and who you want to take along.
Keep going.
Otherwise, you'll become like Abraham, taking a lot along.
That's why Sodom was created.
He saw just going and following God.
He's choosing people to come with him.
You don't choose people.
Keep going.
Ask your going.
Anybody who is going where you are going will be around.
Yes.
You just keep going, keep moving.
Don't spend your time thinking, should I go with this lady?
Should I go with this one?
Or should I go with this brother?
And he's like, who should come along?
No, no, no, no.
Just go.
Anybody God has called on that road.
When you look around, you see the natural, there's been a natural selection of like-minded people with you.
You have like-minded people with you.
As you keep on, the direction is the important thing.
Not the company.
Yes.
If you go choosing the company to lead you out straight, that's a bit not deceived.
Don't be deceived.
Don't deceive yourself.
The thing that I'll take them and I'll force them to go in this way.
No, they won't go.
They'll take you with them.
So today,
The next sign post, very quickly, the next sign post that we'll see on the way in fulfilling your ministry.
Because you will fulfill your ministry.
Guys, don't worry.
Today is the last time you're standing, okay?
It's a good problem to have.
Now, we don't have chairs, but from next week we'll be in a place that there'll be chairs.
There'll be chairs and there'll be pressure on the bicentalides because they have to feel that room.
But if I were to beat them, I would say, God, you shall feel the place for us.
Yes, we are to God and say, God.
God, there is this chance, so.
Well, thank you for sacrificing that.
From next week, you will see that my center leaders have to fast and break the Lord.
Feel my cup, Lord.
I lifted up, Lord.
Yes.
Come and quench.
this destiny of my soul.
Lord, I need souls to be saved.
So the next, the next sign post, I ready for the next sign post.
So if you are accepting separation, accept it.
Although when you find yourself, you look around some dear friends, dear family members, some dear parents, I'm not there.
Can you say, hey, let me go back and look for them.
Let me go, but remember a lot of life.
There's a verse in the Bible.
It says, remember a lot of life.
When you go home and read it, they find out why you remember a lot of life.
They find out who is a lot of life.
And what happened to a lot of life?
As your movie is like, I need my friends.
I must go with friends.
Isn't this this kind of friends, friends, friends, friends, where they can take you to hell?
lost good friends, you know, not bad people.
Every time we think about, you know, not bad, good.
I think it's a good person.
Very good people, nice people, helpful.
They understand, you see, people that who understand you, if I miss them, understands you.
Yes, but understand, didn't Christ.
You know, I don't know.
Christ, which one will lead you?
Who understands you better?
Christ?
Christ or a friend?
Yes.
God saved.
I change friends locations.
That is where you will find me.
You will find me there anymore.
I change all.
Like a lady changes her wardrobe when she puts on it.
Change all.
That should tell you that I use that illustration because I should tell you that it's not easy.
Because usually they struggle before they change.
That's what you see for a long time.
Their skates are tight.
Because they don't want to change.
They don't want to move up.
So you see for a long time, it's like not for a long time.
It's like, you know, this space is a friend.
This space is a friend.
You know, I have to change it.
You have to change it, because at the point you will not even go up.
You see, the sketch is stuck, it's stuck.
You can't pull it up.
If you pull it to a wreck, the sister is a chore, correct?
So you have to let it go.
And accept that now, you know, your size is this.
That's why Americans did cleverly drop their sizes.
So I do a few, but when you see it, I make it say, look, I'm size eight.
And you are wondering.
Which, how do you count?
But they've got it, got it, got it, got it.
He said, because I think, I think it's very comforted.
It's very comforted when I'm eight.
Yes, I'm eight.
I'm eight.
Well, you look out of the place and no, it's not eight.
It's like eight times two.
Some of the friends I'm not interested in ministry, they have to go.
Some of them are not interested in Lighthouse Chapel, they have to go.
Yes, because this is my home.
This is my home.
If I'm going to be with you, if I'm going to be with me, we are here.
This is our home.
This is our pastor.
Our pastor is Bishop Doug.
This is our church.
There's no, there's no, there's nothing about this.
So you can't, you can't.
We shake hands and say, bye-bye.
It's our fun time to shake hands.
That's it.
So some are hard to go in the faith.
Because I had direction.
I had direction.
This is my direction.
This one going.
That's what I'm left with you.
Because I'm going here and I've found you.
When I looked around, you are come.
Yes, you fuck come.
You fuck.
Well look how you are coming.
That's how I have you now.
Because what can I do?
Look how you are coming.
You are there.
It's okay.
We are moving.
I'm moving.
If you like you to say that there's too much soul winning in the church.
See if I'll follow you and start winning gold.
Soul winning, so you do what?
Gold winning.
I don't know what you want.
Efficient stuff, Taiwan.
Are you ready for today's signpost?
Okay.
It's a quick signpost.
Ephesians 1 and verse 9.
Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he purposed, which he purposed in himself.
So the next signpost I want us to know about is that seek out
the mystery of the will of God.
On this beautiful, exciting, mood-changing adventure, seek out, seek out the mystery of the will of God.
Here's the Scripture.
Pumb, in front of you, having made known unto us the mystery of His will.
You have to accept it that the will of God is mysterious.
The will of God.
It is a mysterious thing.
Accept it.
Accept it today.
God, God is no sound that you have a formula.
Why equals MX plus C?
No.
Accept.
that the will of God is mysterious.
Isaiah 55.
Look at Isaiah 55.
Wow.
Try from the seven.
Let the wicked forsake his way and unrighteous man his thoughts and let him return unto the Lord and he will have mercy upon him and our God and into our God.
for he will abundantly pad it.
Verse 8.
For my thoughts, for my thoughts, for my thoughts, I'm not your thoughts.
Neither are your ways, my ways.
Can you hear God speaking for your thoughts?
I'm not my thoughts.
My thought, my that's blood thought.
I'm not your thoughts.
How we wish his thoughts were our thoughts.
Neither are your ways, my ways.
Ways are like mythos.
Mythos.
Is it life?
Everybody, it's almost like a rat race.
Everybody's programmed towards success, victory, overcoming, staying on top, going higher, doing well.
And he's saying that.
The way your way to the top is not his way to the top.
So in this beautiful, exciting, nice, mood-changing adventure, you have to accept that the will of God is mysterious, that his thoughts are not your thoughts, and his ways are not your ways.
At this night, he didn't finish the
He said, for us, the heavens are higher than the air.
How many of you have said that the heavens are higher than the air?
Yes.
As the heavens are higher than the air.
So are my ways higher.
That is, my ways are superior.
My ways are better.
My ways are to be preferred.
My ways are of a better quality than your ways.
And my thoughts than your thoughts.
That's why you plan for some things to happen to you by the time you are 21.
It hasn't happened.
You wish some things would happen by the time you are 23.
You wish by the end of your graduation of 21.
By the time you finish taking your pictures, Prince Charming is waiting for you.
You just walk from there to the chapel, and then you have...
Whatever the song is.
Yes, it is by some mystery.
As you enter your graduation gown, change it to white.
Change it to white.
And all the people who you don't even know who came for the graduation have filled the chapel already.
And they are looking at you, increasing your own mates.
So you can look at them and weave.
You change that you are coming down.
The brightest bride ever.
But he's saying that his wings are higher, higher, higher.
This is your plan.
But wait for his plan to come.
Wait for his plan to unfold.
Wait for his thoughts, the way he's thinking about you.
Wait for it to start unfolding.
Then you will discover that you will say, wow, God's ways are superior to my ways.
God's thoughts are superior to my thoughts.
Better.
So on this beautiful journey, instead of submitting plans to God,
Take time, take time to seek the mystery of His will, the mystery of His will, the mystery of His will.
That is God I give myself to.
What does He want for me?
What has He got for me?
What's He doing with me?
No, sometimes, sometimes, look, many times, many times, many times, many times, many times, I have been caught.
Oh God, lonely.
And the only thing I say is that God, what next?
God, what next?
I mean, what, what are you going to do next?
Because I expected this, but it doesn't, it's like I am far from nothing as the heavens are from the earth.
I just ask myself, God, what next?
You see, depending on the gravity of the issue, there's been times, there's been times that I have smiled.
And there's been times that I'm so broken, I can't even talk.
Because human beings are pointed.
I don't know that to cry, to scream, to lie down, to stand, to eat, to fast, to talk, to be quiet.
I don't know what to do.
The only thing I have left is trust in God.
And trust in God that His ways are superior to my ways.
And His thoughts are superior to my thoughts.
That's the only thing I'm left with.
The human feeling is the feeling of neglect, rejection, abundant.
It's like, you know, it's not good to ask God why.
So you just say, what next?
What next?
God, that's your trusting God, because you know they must have something.
And he always has something, you know, he always has something.
He will make you laugh.
Those of you are crying to the, he will make you laugh.
That's what the script is.
It's a whipping man, dear, for a night.
But joy cometh.
The innocent joy cometh.
Joy is on its way.
I said, joy is on its way.
Joy is moving towards you.
Never.
This is what it gets to.
This same post.
And I think perhaps it is the signpost that deepens your understanding of God.
It makes you move God.
It makes you, it tests.
It does or brings out your faith in God and your trust in God.
To know that there's something called the will of God.
There is something called the will of God.
The will of God.
Jeremiah 29.
I'm sure it can all relate to this sign presented.
His will against your will.
His ways and your ways.
His thoughts and your thoughts.
And you're already young.
You're very young.
So let's play.
You just have to say, let's play this light.
Let's move on.
Because you're young, there are many things to learn.
Already you are young and you can relate with it that your thoughts are not his thoughts.
Means your thoughts are formed.
Your plans are formed.
You see how all the ladies were screaming when I said if they wish, when they fill the throat in the head, they catch it, take their pictures, and then suddenly the prince appears, holds their hands, walk towards the cathedral as they step out the door.
Their gown changes twice.
Wow.
It's like a Cinderella story.
Mm-hmm.
When you finish, are you much out?
Will you come off as a chariot?
Of horses, waiting for you.
I don't know that you like jet black horses or white horses.
I like black horses or like black jet black.
Silky jet black horses.
Shine it, shine it in the beaming sun, reaching for you to go up away.
That you're sitting with your bride.
You're looking in the eyes.
He smiles at you and you smile at him.
And you lead to put your head on his shoulder.
And he holds you and says, I love you.
Oh.
Yeah.
I'm sure you can already hear the sound of the hoofs of the horses as they are coming away.
Click.
And everybody is taking videos of you to become their story on Instagram as your horses are moving.
And there you are.
You are the one.
It is you.
You keep pinching yourself.
It's you.
It is you.
This is you.
who yield will lead to a better outcome.
Then six horses come up in a way.
And one is trying to disturb them.
All add into the fun of the movie.
It's Jeremiah 29, verse 11.
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord.
Thoughts of peace.
God is not thinking of punishment.
No.
Those who say God, why?
They don't have a certain understanding of God.
His thoughts were at thoughts of peace, not of evil.
And then look, look at those last parts to give you an expected end.
So you see, that your dream of the, it's not like God has canceled it.
He said, I will give you an expected end.
I'll take you there.
I'll take that dream, that dream that you have dreamed.
I'll take you to that dream.
but not by your formula, by a better formula, a better formula, a better way.
He has a better way to present that thing to you, is that I'll give you, I'll give you an expectation, I'll give it to you, I'll give it to you, but understand, his will is mysterious.
You can't push court, you can't push him.
You can't come up with a formula and say that when I derive or integrate or I measure or I weigh or I do this, I'll get this answer.
That is God.
No.
Be very careful, people will give you formula by God.
It all comes out with a formula that only do this, you'll get this.
Look at them with...
You say, I've seen you.
I've seen you.
You are right to me.
What is verse 10 of this place?
Take me up verse 9.
There's 8.
I've seen them.
For that say of the Lord.
For that say of the Lord, the God of Israel.
Let not your prophets and your divineness, that be in the midst of you, deceive you.
Neither hacking to your dreams, which you cause to be dreamed.
Don't usually dream about what you are thinking about.
Yes.
You only dream what you've been thinking about.
There are different types of dreams.
This is one of the types of things that Bibles are in the
like in the multitude of business, you have a dream.
That's the thing that you've been thinking about and waking up.
That's what somebody tells you.
Do you know sometimes I laugh at some of the brothers?
Since we're also young, do the number of sisters who have dreamt about us?
You think you're the first?
Do the number of message we've received that I dreamt.
I saw us.
You are the one.
They've dreamt-a.
They have to leave them to dream.
What can you do?
How can you stop them from dreaming?
How can this be your project that doesn't dream?
It's your dream.
It's your dream, but you don't go.
You don't go because of what else.
Because you are dreamt about me.
So I should marry you.
Hey.
I'll just say, wait.
When you dream, me too, I'll have to dream.
Yes.
Because God has not appointed you as the high priest over my life, that he speaks to me through you.
Yes, he drowned out on the weight.
Wait, I have to drink.
So I said, no, no, no, no.
I did dream.
I'll never dream it.
Forget it.
You think it's all the brothers saying that they are the first, they are the first ones that people are seeing visions and dreaming and send their messages.
If they've done this, they're dreaming from, from before our time, they have tent.
Okay, take me back to that place.
Let all your prophets vanish in the midst of your hacking, neither hacking to the dreams which you caused to be dreamed.
Then there's nine.
For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name.
I have not sent them.
See of the Lord.
First 10.
For that say of the Lord that after 70 years be accomplished, this is his mind about you.
As the people are prophesying, deliverance is coming, you're about to be delivered, goes about to make your way, you're going out of captivity.
God is also saying that Lord, 70 years.
You are not going anywhere till 70 years.
Yes.
You are saying next year, he's saying 70 years.
We are talking about the mystery of his will.
The mystery of his will.
And you will discover that after 70 years is better than after one year.
He said, till 70 years be accomplished at Babylon, I will visit you and perform my good work toward you in causing you to return to this place.
It's not like you won't return.
You will return by 70 years time.
Then face 11, for I know the thoughts that I've been toward you.
seeing the little thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you unexpected and in another sense that you will go out by now.
Anybody who is telling you that you are going out now is lying.
Then there's 12.
Then shall he call upon me and he shall go and pray unto me and I will hack you on to you.
But it's like 270 years.
I have a plan.
My plan will, I mean, the plan will work perfectly.
That's 70 years ago.
It's not good.
It's not good to wake.
It's not good to wake the way you have thought.
And when you start waking, you stand at your club for God.
You say, this God is a beauty.
You say, hey, God, God, that is when you start saying, that's what you start saying.
When you continue on this beautiful journey, that's when you start saying to God, God, what next?
What are you coming up with next?
I know you have something up your sleeve.
I know you are planning something.
I know you, God.
I know you.
I know that you are coming up with something beautiful, something exciting, something nice, something that changes moves.
So you just say, God, what next?
But when you don't know Him, you feel me.
You be heartbroken.
You behead.
But these are not fruits of the Spirit.
These are not the works of God.
How you become angry.
You become irate, constantly irritated.
You can't even help it, constantly irritated.
Because you want your plants.
So God can't even come through.
Be God come through to you.
So, a couple of things to know about the mystery of his will.
Wow.
First thing, I want you to see here.
According to Ephesians 1 9,
The will of God is mysterious.
What it means for the will of God to be mysterious is that number one, it means that it is unknown.
It is unknown.
The will of God is unknown.
You can't predict it.
It's going to be like this.
It's going to be like this one God was.
It's unknown.
Don't guess.
Don't force it.
Don't create it.
Don't manufacture an explanation for what God has for you.
Just follow him.
Follow him one day at a time.
One day at a time.
Read your Bible, pray every day.
Lift the will of God for every day.
You'll find out what he has for you.
He's well as unknown.
It's unknown.
He's well.
It's the mystery.
Mystery means unknown.
Accept it.
Two.
It's a mystery because it is unexplained and puzzling.
The will of God, much of the will of God and the things of what doesn't follow logic.
It's unexplained and it's puzzling.
How many of you have been puzzled about what God is doing in your life?
You're puzzled.
It's like, is that what's going on?
What's going on?
As I mentioned in these things and you are puzzled, you are lost meaning that you don't know what to do.
It means that you're on the road.
You're on the road.
God is not a man that you've told you that made me as Zizi at 5.30 pm.
God is not a man that made me as Zizi at 5.30 pm, then God is sitting there.
When you get a, you wonder where you think it is, when you get a, you wonder.
Where is he?
You don't know where he is.
He will call you.
He will tell you I'm here.
This is who I am.
Look, no matter what you do in this life, keep your trust in God.
Yes.
No matter what you do, no matter what happens to you, no matter what you go through, make sure you keep your trust in God.
Just fold your arms somewhere and smile and say, God, what next?
What are you coming up with?
I'm here.
In other words, I'm waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you.
All my hope in my trust is I'm waiting for you.
David never cast God.
Yes.
Everything that he went through, he never cast God.
That's why he's after the man after God's own heart.
Job never cast God.
He actually said to his wife, you talk like the foolish woman of the end.
You're talking like a fool.
What do you mean by you cast God and die?
He said, do he slay me yet will I praise him?
That's why there's a whole book about him for us to learn from.
And there's a reference to him in the book of James called The Patience of Job.
The Patience of Job.
These are people who walk with them.
They walk in on this adventure.
That adventure sometimes feels treacherous.
It's like a dangerous life that you are living in, but he's with you.
Does a David's school cry and say, yay!
So I walk through the valley of the shadow of death.
with me that I wrote and I stuff that come for them.
To fulfill your ministry, these are your songs that you should be singing.
These are your songs that you should be singing.
Thank God I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'll still save you.
I'll still wait for you.
I'm still there for you.
It's puzzling and explained and loom, but you're still with God.
This is David.
The other one was Joel.
Never letting go.
Never giving up.
Never resigning.
Never saying that, I can't say I've got a game.
I won't go to church again.
I'm changing, this is what we do, I will change churches.
Like a football team.
See, last season they played for us now, when the season starts, you see Chelsea has taken them.
It's all a reflection of your faith being shaken.
Stable.
Be there.
And stick like Job's spoke.
He said, do his thing and he had to like trust in him.
Yes.
I still trust in him.
I'll keep trusting him.
I'll keep working with him.
I'll still sing in his, I'll still keep singing his praises.
Yes.
I still keep doing what I do for him.
Trust in him.
His way there.
Superior.
Better quality.
particularly ways.
The next meaning of mystery is that it's mysterious because it requires a divine revelation, a divine revelation.
You need it to be revealed to you.
It's not something you can't wait.
In other words, sometimes you can't work out by common sense.
It's not like one add one equals two.
Five tikka with three equals two.
No, it must be revealed to you that this is what God is doing with you.
And it takes time to have a revelation.
It takes time for the secrets of God to be peeled.
To be peeled away.
The secrets of God, the secrets of God, the secrets of God.
God has secrets.
And when he peels it off,
your jaws will drop.
Oh, oh, this is what it means.
This is what it means.
This is what you've been doing.
This way you've been getting me.
You see, anger, irritation, backsliding, resigning, getting upset, getting angry.
They are not wax of the Holy Spirit.
So they must not be your reaction or friend that you shouldn't react in that way in this life.
Don't react.
Don't react with any of these things.
I'm angry.
I'm upset.
I won't do this again.
I'm changing judge.
I don't want any beloved again.
Why?
Are you the queen of Shiva?
Are you the queen of Shiva that every man should choose you?
The secret things belong onto the Lord, our God.
But those things which are revealed belong onto us.
So you say, that's not so good.
It's divine revelation.
So when it's revealed, then you possess it.
Before then, it's a secret.
To this day are secrets, unknown, unexplained, positive.
So long as it's with God, and that is God.
He has secrets.
First love church has been a secret.
Till God decided to release it.
Then it's a revelation.
Then you see others are learning from it.
But you know, this is it.
Let's do this.
Let's work like this.
It's been a secret.
Go inside.
We didn't know.
The secret things.
belong to God.
Anything that you don't know, it means God has it.
When it gives you a glimpse, it's God revelation.
You have revelation.
That's why it's a mystery.
It's a revelation.
It's not about you go to school and study.
It can't go to school and study about God.
What God will do, what God is going to do.
You can't.
It belongs to him.
Remember this verse, 29-29, 29-29, you have to remember the numbers.
29-29, what book is it?
It's astronomy.
29-29, secret things belong to God.
When is revealed?
It belongs to us.
But you see, your anger, attitude, disappointment, pain, because you are stuck with your wish and your thought.
You want it to be your way.
That's why you're upset.
That's why you're in pain.
That's why you are unforgiven.
And that is why you're not moving on.
Because he has to be away, but he has to.
You be surprised.
You find God's ways before you get to heaven.
You be surprised if you do and you get to heaven that God had this pleasant, beautiful, exciting, mood-changing way for you.
But you came upon him and became an angry man.
and a hard-broken woman.
God forbid.
Yes.
The secret things.
Won't you like to know the secret things of God?
That's what I say.
I stand there.
There's been times I'm standing there like a rain beating duck.
I say, God, what next?
I mean, Avi, how are you going to fix this?
What are you going to do after this?
Because I know he knows what to do.
And I know he knows what he's doing.
I know he knows what he's about.
He knows what he's about.
He has a plan.
Plans of God, not of evil, to bring me.
Same endo, same end.
Adi, same endo.
Same end.
Just a way to get there.
There was a route out of Egypt that did not include the Red Sea.
They could have gone on land, go around, and entered into the promised land.
But he chose the sea.
He chose the sea.
He's somebody we were wondering, why did you tell me to explain me lessons?
Why did he need you to tell me to explain me lessons?
All this, wow.
But I said, but what?
Moses saying, go have no budgeted.
As if you go by land, what happens to the enemies?
The Egyptians will infect the land with you.
They've no thought of that.
They only have one step logic, one step logic.
And God has seen facts and go through the sea.
I'll solve two problems for you.
I'll take you out of bondage and I'll drown all your enemies for you.
Expected end, but see, his ways are higher.
May you experience higher ways of going.
Yes.
You're just thinking one thing.
They were just thinking one thing.
We want that.
We are tired.
This cucumber is this garlic.
We are tired of waking.
And go to your head of waking.
I'll take you out.
But what about your enemies?
They're coming after you.
But they have in front of that.
Yeah, I've been thought of that.
They have not thought of that.
So he chooses the Red Sea.
He chooses the Red Sea.
I'm sure they've got the idea.
I'm trying to say.
There you go.
That's what God doesn't think of.
We go to a sea.
It's hard to talk.
It's like, here we go.
which have just worked on this, and that's when they start complaining and talking against Muslims, you are like this, you are like that.
They do appreciate God.
I mean, you appreciate God from today.
You shall fulfill your ministry.
I say you will fulfill your ministry.
It's a journey not exciting.
It's exciting.
Something has tears, isn't it?
Sometimes laughter.
Sometimes rejection, sometimes loneliness, sometimes separation, sometimes you're confused by your desires.
You're confused with your desires, I'm confused with you.
You just finished, you just finished having your powerful quiet time and revelation.
And then suddenly the last of the flesh has risen up, you're confused.
And then the enemies start speaking, you're not called.
Change it back, change it back, change it back, change it back, change it back, change it back, change it back, change it back quickly.
Okay, maybe the last one.
Of the mystery, mystery of his will.
Ah, yes, I'm right, it's night, last one, number five.
The will of God is a mystery.
because it requires you.
This is the big one.
This is the one I want you to hear, actually, about the mystery.
What to do is because if you are thinking deeply, you'll be asking, so this is what we do.
This is the answer.
That's why it's the last one.
Because it requires you.
Are you ready for the loss?
It is a mystery.
Therefore, if it is a mystery, what should we do?
Should we just sit there and wait for the mystery to unfold?
What do we do if it's a mystery?
It is a mystery.
Therefore, you must pray.
Yes.
You have to pray.
You have to deploy.
your spiritual weapons, to be able to walk through the gates of the enemy, the gates of depression, the gates of discouragement, the fights and the battles of life.
To walk through and to hold, say, prayer is an act of faith.
So you have to maintain that Lord, I still trust in you.
Lord, I believe.
Lord, I trust in you.
You pray, you pray through.
You pray through, you pray through.
Matthew chapter 6, reading from verse 9.
After this manner therefore pray ye.
You pray like this is how to pray.
Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
us, it is in heaven.
Thy will, thy will be done.
Jesus taught us, pray.
When you're praying, one of the things he wants to pray about is that will be done.
Pray for the will of God.
Always pray for the will of God.
Always call out for the will of God.
And do the afraid of the will of God.
The will of God is better for you than your will and your dreams.
Pray for his will.
Pray for it, it's a mystery.
That is why you ask, you have to pray.
Because there's no button anywhere you can go and press, and then the wheel is done.
No, it's mysterious.
You do go.
So you have to talk to the one who has the secrets about your life.
You have to talk to him.
That I want to ask, it's like, what you have for me in heaven is what I have.
I want to hear your thoughts that are superior to my thoughts, your wings that are superior to my wings.
But you have to hear heaven.
Look, can I have it here on earth?
Can I have your thoughts here on it?
Can I have your ways here on it?
So as it doesn't happen, can I have it here?
I want to live, I want to live the life you have for me.
I want to live in you on it.
How many of you like to live the life that God has for you?
That's prayer.
So pray.
Pray for it.
Ask God for it.
Tell God, Lord, I saw it in 29, 29.
The secrets, the secrets are with you.
I don't know what it is, but Lord, 29, 11, 55, 7, 8, tell me that.
Look, it's higher.
It's higher.
Now what I'm thinking is superior to what I'm thinking.
So Lord, can I have it?
Can I have it?
As you have it there, can I have it here?
Kama, is that praying for the will of God?
You pray all day.
There'll be so many things you want that will of God for.
You'll pray all day for God's will.
All your life will be praying for God's will.
All your life.
Look at this verse.
Matthew 26.
39.
Beautiful.
And he went a little further.
26.
39.
You got it.
And he went a little further and fell on his face and prayed, saying, Oh my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me.
Nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt.
Always remember to ask for his plans.
I mean, can you say Jesus pray?
Say that what I'm going through, can you stop it?
Can you stop it?
Because it's like you are God, you can stop this and I'm going through.
But right there, he realizes that, no, God has a better plan.
So doing is going through this.
That will be done.
Because what he wants is that, look, it's almost like it's enough.
I said, no, that will be done.
That will be done.
Because of that, he has a name that is above every other name.
And the mention of his name, every niche
Can you imagine that compared to Jesus living on earth for 2000 years?
There'll be no salvation.
Well, you know, well, you have to travel to Jerusalem.
You said, there's a man there.
Pray for me.
But here we are.
We stand here.
We stand here on Tahil.
And we use the name of Jesus and miracles happen.
Wow.
Yes.
I say, no, that will be done.
It will be done.
How are we reaching?
All the core.
All the core was made, souls were saved in the name of Jesus.
If you are chosen, let this cut past from me.
No salvation.
Everything is over.
I choose and will have God.
Praise God.
Always ask God for His will.
It's okay to feel that this cup must pass.
How many of you have thought that this cup, God, can you stop this problem?
This problem must stop God.
God is very, very hard.
Can you stop it?
Can you stop God?
Because he can't stop it.
Have you not read the scripture?
Ah, Lord God, is there anything that is too hard for you?
You, God, I know you.
You, I know you.
You say that it's difficult for you.
Jesus must know it.
Jesus must know that his father can.
He said that I can pray to the Father.
He will send angels now.
Don't rescue me.
He knows it.
He knows that his Father can do it.
He knows what God can do, but this also the will of God.
May we walk through this will with joy, with great expectation, knowing and accepting.
its will is mysterious, and it's better.
One more verse, then we rise up and pray, Colossians.
Chapter one.
Remember Ephesians 1-9, Mystery of His Will, now Colossians 1-9.
For this course we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you and desire that ye might be failed.
with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding that you be filled with the knowledge of his will.
You have to know his will, his will concerning your life, which changes you'll be in.
You have to know his will concerning it.
You have to know his will concerning which country you should be living in.
You have to know his will concerning which course you should study.
And where is your study?
You have to know and accept his will.
You have to know his will consent.
Or to marry.
Not by heights.
We don't use heights.
Neither do we use beard.
To choose who is cool.
He has beard.
So he's nice.
So you have to know his will consent.
He's calling for your life.
He's calling.
What's he calling into?
Is he calling to be a pastor?
Is he calling to be an apostle?
Is he calling to be a prophet?
Is he calling to be an evangelist?
What is this all in for you?
So you can start because you have to start from somewhere.
The first job I ever did in the church was to be an usher.
That's my first job.
I couldn't see today.
I was an usher.
I was telling people where to sit and I found them so annoying.
Yes.
Because I couldn't understand, especially the ladies.
I couldn't understand.
I couldn't understand why ladies can't just sit where they are, too, to sit.
I couldn't understand it.
So do you know how long I was going to ask her?
One suddenly.
The following says, no, I can't do this to her.
I can't do it.
There'll be a problem.
When I see that, I really admire them.
They're very patient.
See, because what I was telling people are sitting here walking somewhere else.
And not that they are walking somewhere else with a smile, with an attitude.
And then you look at the same person, she's little there, and you are wondering.
No, I couldn't do it.
I couldn't.
I couldn't do that job.
One Sunday, one Sunday, by just my first job.
One Sunday, I said, out.
And I joined the prayer ministry.
Yes, I enjoyed talking to God.
I stayed in the prayer ministry.
I stayed in the prayer ministry until I met Bishop Dak.
Yes.
And he made me a baccentadida.
Dude, this was called A-O-F-N.
area outreach and follow-up ministry.
So I become an AOFM leader.
I never get 20 people again.
People again come to check, come to check, come to check, wake up and pray people, people again.
But he's trained me.
He's trained me into a pastor.
I'm a pastor.
I can pastor people.
I understand people.
I can relate with people.
But I didn't see today.
Today is knowing his will.
It's a prayer topic.
It's not something you guess, or you trigger.
Or maybe you can trigger my prayer.
But there's something called the knowledge of its will in different aspects of your life.
Different aspects of his life.
I didn't know who to marry.
I was not even thinking of marriage.
I was praying at an all night.
When the spirit said to me,
You don't pray about marriage.
Pray about marriage.
And gave me a vision.
I saw myself standing in tall grass.
The grass was about this high.
And you know we did no more way with it.
We did.
We did with a cutlass.
Yes.
I saw myself in that tall thick grass.
I was reading my way through the spring and said, this is that area of your life.
If you don't pray about it, you will see the confusion I will meet you.
Yes.
That was when I started praying.
So, oh God, you will be done.
Who to marry?
And I went to the university.
And I was still praying.
Who to marry?
And I was the prayer director for one of the, for assemblies of God Ministries, the Holy Investing, I was the prayer director for, so I should take them to pray every Saturday night.
I'll give them prayer topic.
And I'm not sure this sister always comes to pray.
The Bible says, now watch and pray.
Yes.
So as I was giving the prayer topics,
Because I have to keep my eyes open to make sure everyone is free.
So I was watching and praying.
When I said, shall we pray?
And I'm going to go and deal it, go and deal it, go and keep going and deal it, and look at this, this lady who always stands in the corner with her glasses.
And just so we are pushing her glasses up.
She says she can stay in one position and pray for an hour.
Shaita by Taita!
So we end the prayer meeting and everybody is saying hello to me and thanks.
I have this big Thompson chain Bible.
and I'll give it to you, hold it for me, I'm coming as I'm sorry.
It's like I put it at a price on it, I stay.
You can't do it.
You can't hold my Bible for me.
Yes.
But I didn't know that she was actually happy about it.
If I've known out, I've kept my thing to see if you wait on a court.
You hold my Bible for me.
And I'll be talking, I'll be doing counseling.
You see, pastoral counseling, student to student, but I was counseling.
And when I finish, I say, okay, I'm my Bible, my Bible.
Oh, yeah, I'm working.
Yes.
Then I have to walk here to her home to see if she's helped my Bible for me.
She deserves to be seen off, isn't it?
Yes.
And chat with her on the way to get to know her fellowship at bed.
Yeah, it was nice.
Yes.
Easy, but I'll tell you about the knowledge of his will.
It's not just seeing somebody, not to mine, but this is the person who said to me, I've seen a church.
I've seen a church in the hospital.
There's a church in the hospital.
It's called Lighthouse Chapel International.
The pastor is the medical doctor.
He's called Pastor Dag.
He said, I'll take you there.
They meet Tuesday evenings.
I know you are free on Tuesdays, because we are packed my life.
Every day I had a meeting somewhere.
I'd go for all nights, eventually, every day.
Meetings.
No time for jumping around.
He said, I'll take you there.
They she added, mighty.
If you, mighty was my nickname.
They're mighty.
If you don't like it, then I don't know you.
I remember I was thinking, who is this proud girl?
Lord, why should you know me?
Yes.
So she took me to Lighthouse Chapel later.
Fast forward.
Here am I.
Knowledge of his will.
It unfolds through prayer.
So when you say through prayer, I go to the university, when I went to the university.
She also came when she came.
I could have gone earlier and left before she arrives.
All these things in my life would never have happened.
Yes.
Because I was going somewhere else.
You say, no, no, there's a check.
There's a check.
It's like, that is what you like.
It's almost like, I know you.
This is this is what you like.
Hey, am I?
How many years now?
29 years.
It's been 29 years.
You don't believe that the steps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord.
You're going to struggle with things, struggle with things, struggle with people, struggle everything, making crooked things straight.
Who can make that which is crooked straight?
Who can make it?
God made it crooked.
the knowledge of His will.
He said, we have no cease to pray for you that you'll be filled with the knowledge of His will.
As you are moving on in life, appreciate what is called the will of God.
Know what God is doing.
He will show you what He's doing.
He'll show you what He's doing.
You see at every chapter, what you wanted, I didn't even say, there's something else that He has done.
that this is his will.
What do you see?
This is his will.
Don't say I don't like the will of God.
There you have food.
That is when you start going now.
You said, this is what they do with you.
This is what they do with you.
This is what they
But his will wasn't full then.
His will wasn't full then.
His will wasn't full then
to be filled with the knowledge of His will.
You can't miss the signpost.
You can't miss it His will.
You need it.
Pray for His will.
Pray for the will of God to be done in your life.
Pray.
Know that your presence here today is not by accidents, not by chance.
You're not a spiritual tourist.
God has brought you here for a purpose and for a reason.
To meet the people you meet.
Bad ones, good ones.
It's all.
It's all for a reason.
Pray that His will shall be done.
Pray for God's will.
Pray everybody, pray from the back to the front.
Everybody pray the Lord that I will be done in my life.
Your will be done in my life.
That I may be filled with the knowledge of your will Lord.
The knowledge of your will.
In my Christian walk.
In this beautiful journey.
In my spiritual walk.
My calling Lord.
My calling to fulfill.
Your work Lord.
The ministry you've chosen me for Lord.
Lord that I may be filled with the knowledge of it.
What to study?
Where to whack?
Where to live?
Who to marry?
Who to live with?
Who to meet Lord?
Your will of God!
Pray for it!
Maka Pashitala Bahaiah pray for him cry out to God for it cry out that you will stop struggling you stop fighting for your thoughts and for your ways and what you want to be done but Lord your will be done Lord your will be done Lord your will be done Lord your will be done Lord your will be done Lord your will be done we choose your will we choose your will
We choose your ways.
We choose your will Lord.
My God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God,
Your higher ways, your higher thoughts, your higher ways.
We pray for them, Lord.
Give us divine revelation.
Give us revelation, Lord.
To see and to know.
To see and to know and to understand, Lord.
Come for our hearts, Lord.
Come for our minds, Lord.
Come for our souls, Lord.
To know that you are with us.
To know that you're working with us.
You're guiding us.
You are a great shepherd.
Help us to say like David said.
Yay!
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
For thou watch with me, thy rod and thy staff then comfort me.
Be with us, Lord.
Stay with us, Lord.
Your will, Lord.
Your will in your ways.
You're wheelin' your ways, you're wheelin' your ways, you're wheelin' your ways, you're wheelin' your ways, you're wheelin' your ways on your sword's Lord.
Ah, we pray for it Lord.
Let it manifest in us Lord.
Let it manifest in our lives Lord.
Let it show up for God.
Let it see it up Lord.
Let it admit manifest Lord.
We pray for your will.
There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will be done Lord, There will
Know what we feel.
Know what we are thinking.
But your will are gone.
The mystery of your will.
Let it be seen.
Let it be made manifest.
Let it be revealed.
Let it be made manifest of God.
Your will are gone.
Maha-bladiba-hapa.
Maha-papa-kapa-haya.
Ma kiba hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa hapa
He little God.
Heal that we may be healed Lord.
Save that we may be saved Lord.
Anana naya.
Mahkibata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata bhata
Palibatasa, pray for his will, pray for his will, enter his will, pray for his will, enter his will, accept his will, accept his will, accept his will, accept his will, accept his will, his will shall be done.
Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prabhupa, Prab
Let's go.
Lamadiba Kostataya, fadataya.
Lift up your two hands and thank God for his will.
Just say thank you to him.
Just thank him.
Thank him for his will.
Just say thank you to God.
Just thank him.
Just
Give him thanks for a blessed life.
A blessed walk with him.
Give him thanks.
Give him thanks that your life is not a mistake.
Your life is not a disaster.
Your walk with God is not ruined.
Thank him that he is with you.
That he is with you.
That he is blessing you.
He is blessing you.
Thank him.
Father, we thank you.
Thank you this evening.
Thank you for the beauty of your ways, the beauty of your thoughts, the beauty of your will, Lord.
Let our lives, O God, be covered, be immersed, be established, become Lord, your will, O God.
Now, what you plan, what you choose, what you have for us,
Let that be our portion, Lord.
We are grateful for your will.
We thank you for your will.
Let everybody here, Lord, be arrested by the Holy Spirit, that their choice shall be what you're choosing for us, Lord.
Let everybody here, Lord, fulfill their ministry.
Let them make full proof of their ministry, their calling, Lord,
I cast every destruction.
I cast every division.
I cast anything that tries to pull them away from what you have called them to be, Lord.
Let ministries be fulfilled.
Let callings be fulfilled, Lord.
Thank you for the blessing of seven you, following you, and though in your ways, Lord, I give you thanks.
I give you praise, thanking you, Father.
the name of Jesus.
Now while every high school that we had is bowed, a very important time I want to pray for you specially.
You are here, every high school that we had bowed, everywhere in this room.
Somebody invited you to church today, maybe today is your first time, or you've been going to church, or you've been going to check somewhere.
But deep in your heart, you feel far from God, you feel
You feel like you don't know God.
You don't really know God.
Your relationship with Him is not strong.
It's perhaps non-existent.
And today you want to see a pastor, pray with me.
I want to know God.
I want to save God.
I want to be a child of God.
I want my saints to be forgiven.
I want to be saved.
I want to be a child of God.
If you're here like that,
while every eye is cool, that every head is bowed.
Say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I want to very quickly lift up your right hand and I'll pray with you wherever you are.
Lift up high.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
Lift up high so I can see you.
God bless you.
I need Jesus.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join in.
At the back, wherever you are, Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in my life.
I only give my life to Jesus.
I'm backslidden.
I've fallen away from God.
I've never known God.
Especially after hearing such a message.
I want to know God.
I want to be in His will.
The first step into the will of God is surrendering your life to the Lordship of Jesus Christ.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my heart.
God bless you.
Just the right hand.
Keep it up and I pray with you.
Keep it up.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join.
You also want to make that all important decision.
I want to keep my life to Jesus today.
Just your right hand, and I pray with you.
God bless you.
Thank you.
You have your hand lifted up.
I want you to do one more thing for me.
I want you to come to me right here on the front.
Come.
Come out of your seat.
Wherever you are, you lift on up your hand.
Come.
You want to be sure of your salvation.
You lift on up your hand.
Maybe you didn't even lift up your hand, but you want to give your life in Jesus today.
Come.
Don't say tomorrow.
Don't say another day.
Don't say another time.
Come and join us.
God bless you.
Come.
Come and stand.
God bless you.
Come.
Keep coming.
Keep coming to Jesus today.
Keep coming to Jesus.
Come.
I'm waiting for you.
There is room.
There's room in the soul.
Come and give your life to Jesus.
Come.
No time to be shy.
No time to postpone it.
To see another time.
To say next week.
To say tomorrow.
It's today.
Today.
Come to Jesus.
You are singing.
You are still there.
You want to give your marriage to Jesus today.
Come to Jesus.
Buy your heads with me.
Let's pray.
Those of you in front, close your eyes.
Buy your heads.
Let's say this prayer together.
And the whole church will help us as we say this prayer.
Say with me, say heavenly Father, thank you for today.
I am a sinner.
Please forgive me of all my sins.
I believe Jesus is alive.
I believe Jesus died for my sins.
And he rose up on the third day.
Lord Jesus, Lord Jesus,
Please come into my heart.
Be the Lord of my life.
Heavenly Father, please wash me with the blood of Jesus.
Please write my name in the book of life here.
Thank you Father for accepting me and making me a child of yours from today.
I will serve you.
I will obey you.
I will follow you.
I will listen to you.
I will live as your child.
Thank you, Father, for salvation in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Shout your loudest amen ever.
God bless you.
Receive these gifts.
And then at the close of service, we have a brief meeting with you right here in South Asia.
You see where it's written?
South Asian Corner?
So all of you in front at the close of service.
As long as we share the grace, just come to South Asian Corner.
We'll talk to you for a few minutes before you leave and go home today.
So please come to South Asian Corner as soon as we close the service.
God bless you and we go back to your seats.
God for them, as we go back.
That's one.
Communion.
And those of you who gave your life secretly to you also invited to salvation corner.
And then, look, church maybe today is the first time you have visited.
Come, we'd like to talk to you at the end of the service.
Yes.
It's time for communion.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood Has eternal life For my flesh is meat indeed And my blood is drink indeed The cup of blessing which we bless Is the communion of the blood of Christ The bread which we break
It's the communion of the body of Christ.
Oh, this is the holy meal.
It is a meal of God.
It will sustain you.
It will give you light when I see the blood.
Oh, I will pass over you.
Oh, oh, oh When I see the blood I will pass over you God sent prophet Elijah on a long journey
For forty days and forty nights Elijah needed supernatural strength Oh, prophet Elijah, take this meal and eat It will sustain you For forty days and forty nights When I see the blood
I will pass over you When I see the blood I will pass over you Father, I declare every life here blessed by the receiving of the body of Christ
and the drinking of the blood of Jesus.
Let the seed of blessing be planted in us, Lord.
Let the life that we now live, beloved by the grace, the power, the message and the victories in the name of Jesus, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
I bless every bread and I bless every cup like Jesus did on that day and declared
This is the body of Christ and this is the blood of Jesus.
Thank you Father, that he that eats it shall now live you by Christ Jesus Lord.
We live by the strength in the name of Jesus.
We live by the power in the name of Jesus.
We live by the miracles that the name of Jesus is able to perform Lord.
Let there be miracles.
Let there be miracles in our lives.
Thank you for your blessing in Jesus name.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus.
The precious blood of Jesus.
drink all of it.
Father, thank you for victory.
I thank you for your blessing.
I thank you that Satan is defeated.
I thank you that every mark, every evidence of the presence of Satan in any life here is overcome by the blood of Jesus.
By the mighty name of Jesus, Lord.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for victory.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Shout out to the big A-man.
A-man.
Shout a faith filled A-man.
Tell your neighbor you want.
Wow, what a powerful message preached by our very own pastor Bishop Richard IE that was such a timely message and one that we all have to go back to and listen to again and again and again.
Our lives have been blessed here today at First Love Church London and I'm sure you can agree that you have also been blessed by this message.
If you'd like to listen to this message once again, head on over to the First Love Church UK video and audio podcast
where you can listen to this message over and over again for free.
Also head on over to the first Love Church London Facebook page where you can relive the live service one more time.
Next week's Sunday we'll be here again at the Leonardo Royal Hotel.
Service starts from 1.30pm and I would love to see you come here.
So come along, join us and invite a friend and we would love to see you here.
God bless you and have a very blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube.
And First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.
All rights and shine.
For that light is calm.
And the glory of the Lord